Once upon a time there was a crocodile named Jeff who was out wondering the African desert
when he ran into an armadillo.  Both Jeff and the armadillo were in desperate need of finding water
because the desert was going through one of its longest dry spells. Jeff decided that instead of eating
the armadillo they needed to join forces if they wanted to find water

"Lets go east" said Jeff.  "I heard from the buffalo that there is water in that direction."  So Jeff
and the armadillo Craig started walking east.  For two days Jeff and Craig walked.  With temperatures above
90 degrees 12 hours when the sun was up and 45 degrees when the sun went down they continued without a drop
of water in sight.  Both were losing hope quickely, and when they got over a sand dune, they noticed a lone
cub laying under a tree.

Jeff calls out to the cub several times, but the limp form does not move from its curled-up position. Fearing
the worst, Jeff inches carefully up to the cub while Craig, trying very hard not to tremble in fear, watches
from a safe distance. Now nearing the cub, Jeff notices a distinct lack of wind; while their path to this place
had previously been dogged with the whorls of the sky's breath, Jeff finds now that an unsettling silence has
blanketed his surroundings. Taking the final step towards the cub, Jeff runs right into a wall. "Ow!" he cries
in pain, wheeling backwards. This motion takes him right into another wall behind him, the collission with which
elicits another cry from him. He spins around and sees Craig yelling to him, but he cannot hear anything save
for his own laboured breathing. Craig points behind him, and Jeff whirls around again to see that the cub is
stirring from its slumber.

The cub began to growl and snarl at Jeff and both Jeff and Craig began to back
off. The cub continued to follow and began to get into an attack stance, it was scared. It lunged at Jeff and he dodged, instantly, both began to sprint away from the cub. They both were still in dire need of water and continued to look
while being tracked down by the cub. Eventually, they came across an oasis and 
found enough water to sustain them for eternity. Jeff and Craig lived happily
ever after. 

Suddenly, the oasis lost all water as it was a mirage.  Craig and Jeff cry out in pain and collapse from the intense 
dehydration.  Jeff sat up unexpectadily in bed, he was dreaming all along.  He was a human and his fan was blowing
on him all night drying out his throat, he was just very thirsty.  
